Expand the Policy description on the home page (#47503)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/index.mdx

### Teleport Policy

**Teleport Policy** unifies and controls access policies across all your
infrastructure. With Teleport Policy’s Access Graph feature, you gain insights

> into role-based access control policies within Teleport and your cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into role-based access control policies within Teleport, critical integrations and your cloud providers.
```

Author: Edited, though I used "critical infrastructure", since it's not the integrations you would pull policies from, but the tools etc. that we integrate with.

### Teleport Policy

**Teleport Policy** unifies and controls access policies across all your
infrastructure. With Teleport Policy’s Access Graph feature, you gain insights
into role-based access control policies within Teleport, your cloud providers,
and critical infrastructure.

- Get started with [Teleport
  Policy](admin-guides/teleport-policy/teleport-policy.mdx).
- Define [Crown Jewels](admin-guides/teleport-policy/crown-jewels.mdx) so you
  can track changes to your most sensitive users and resources.
- Enable [Teleport Policy
  integrations](admin-guides/teleport-policy/integrations/integrations.mdx)
  so you can import RBAC rules from AWS, Entra ID, and other sources and

>   visualize your entire RBAC configuration in on a single screen. 

Reviewer: Good to add SSH key scanning as this is becoming a powerful feature.

Author: Added in 4b8ce13d26db069a0b050d53f65366dedbb498e3
